fix: docs heath probes (#86)
fetchai/docs: docs/aea/api/identity/base.md

<a name=".aea.identity.base"></a>
## aea.identity.base

This module contains the identity class.

<a name=".aea.identity.base.Identity"></a>
### Identity

```python
class Identity()
```

> An identity are the public elements identifying an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An identity is the public element that identifies an agent.
```
